feat: add example for MultiKueue w/ ClusterProfile (#108)
GoogleCloudPlatform/gke-fleet-management: multikueue-clusterprofile/README.md

# MultiKueue with ClusterProfile API

This directory provides an example for MultiKueue with ClusterProfile API & GKE Fleet.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following tools installed:

- [Google Cloud SDK](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install)
- [Terraform](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli)
- [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/)

## Infrastructure

A Terraform module is provided to create a hub cluster and three worker clusters.

```shell
export GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT=`gcloud config get-value project`
cd 1-infrastructure
terraform init
terraform apply
```

> Alternatively, you can manually create the clusters with gcloud CLI.

Reviewer: You suggested adding this here yourself in https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/issues/8227#issuecomment-3666158838, but I'll just mention this here so this doesn't get merged - on the course of setting up the clusters manually, it's very easy to miss that "connectgateway.googleapis.com" has to be enabled.

Author: I've revamped the README a bit. Added a step to enable GCP services if using gcloud. PTAL!

```shell
gcloud container clusters get-credentials multikueue-hub \
  --location=${LOCATION} \
  --project=${PROJECT_ID}

kubectl get clusterprofile -n kueue-system
```

For more details, see the documentation for the [ClusterProfile sync feature](https://docs.cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/fleet-management/docs/generate-inventory-for-integrations).

### Add IAM policy bindings
Grant the KSA the required IAM roles:
```shell
PROJECT_ID=`gcloud config get-value project`
PROJECT_NUMBER=`gcloud projects describe "${PROJECT_ID}" --format "value(projectNumber)"`
gcloud projects add-iam-policy-binding projects/${PROJECT_ID} --condition=None \
--role=roles/gkehub.gatewayEditor \
--member=principal://iam.googleapis.com/projects/${PROJECT_NUMBER}/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/${PROJECT_ID?}.svc.id.goog/subject/ns/kueue-system/sa/kueue-controller-manager

gcloud projects add-iam-policy-binding projects/${PROJECT_ID} --condition=None \
--role=roles/container.developer \
--member=principal://iam.googleapis.com/projects/${PROJECT_NUMBER}/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/${PROJECT_ID?}.svc.id.goog/subject/ns/kueue-system/sa/kueue-controller-manager

> ```

Reviewer: I had this set up already so I did a quick test and removed the `roles/gkehub.viewer` role from my SA. It still connects to the cluster, so maybe it is not required after all.

## Prepare the environment

In this tutorial, you should use [Cloud Shell][7] to manage resources
hosted on Google Cloud. Cloud Shell is preinstalled with the software you need
for this tutorial, including [Terraform][8], [kubectl][9], and [gcloud CLI][10].

> [!IMPORTANT]
> If you do not use Cloud Shell, you may need to install Terraform, kubectl, and
> gcloud CLI. You must also set your default Terraform project with:
> `export GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT=PROJECT_ID`.

1. Launch a Cloud Shell session from the Google Cloud console, by clicking Cloud
Shell activation icon Activate Cloud Shell in the Google Cloud console. This
launches a session in the bottom pane of the Google Cloud console.

The service credentials associated with this virtual machine are automatic, so
you do not have to set up or download a service account key.

2. Before you run commands, set your default [project][11] in the Google Cloud CLI
  using the following command:

```

> gcloud config set project PROJECT_ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gcloud config set project $PROJECT_ID
```

4. Verify that `ClusterProfile` objects are generated in the hub cluster:
```shell
gcloud container clusters get-credentials multikueue-hub \
  --location=${LOCATION} \
  --project=${PROJECT_ID}

kubectl get clusterprofile -n kueue-system
```

For more details, see the documentation for the [ClusterProfile sync feature][21].

5. Grant the KSA the required IAM roles:
```shell
PROJECT_ID=`gcloud config get-value project`
PROJECT_NUMBER=`gcloud projects describe "${PROJECT_ID}" --format "value(projectNumber)"`
gcloud projects add-iam-policy-binding projects/${PROJECT_ID} --condition=None \
--role=roles/gkehub.gatewayEditor \
--member=principal://iam.googleapis.com/projects/${PROJECT_NUMBER}/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/${PROJECT_ID?}.svc.id.goog/subject/ns/kueue-system/sa/kueue-controller-manager

gcloud projects add-iam-policy-binding projects/${PROJECT_ID} --condition=None \
--role=roles/container.developer \
--member=principal://iam.googleapis.com/projects/${PROJECT_NUMBER}/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/${PROJECT_ID?}.svc.id.goog/subject/ns/kueue-system/sa/kueue-controller-manager
```

#### Deploy MultiKueue

> Manually install and configure MultiKueue with ClusterProfile API following the [documentation](https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/tasks/manage/setup_multikueue/#setup-multikueue-with-clusterprofile-api). Remember to use the plugin image you built in the 'Build and Push the GCP Auth Plugin Image' section.

Reviewer: The "Build and Push the GCP Auth Plugin Image" section is actually called "Prepare the plugin container image" from what I can see.

Also, how about adding an anchor link to that section? This should work:
```suggestion
Manually install and configure MultiKueue with ClusterProfile API following the [documentation](https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/tasks/manage/setup_multikueue/#setup-multikueue-with-clusterprofile-api). Remember to use the plugin you built in the [image preparation section](#prepare-the-plugin-container-image) section.
```

I don't have a strong opinion on the wording tbh, the text can also say "'Prepare the plugin container image' section" or anything you prefer.
